Rework Dockerfile in multi-stages and provide a stage where cardano-node & ogmios are bundled together (#58)
KtorZ/cardano-ogmios: docs/content/getting-started/docker.md

To build the Ogmios image from sources, pass the `--build` flag. This is useful if you need a different version than the latest one available on Dockerhub.  

{{% notice tip %}}

> If you're building locally using `docker build --target ogmios`, make sure to leverage existing cache steps from Docker Hub setting the env `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1` and passing `--cache-from ktorz/ogmios:latest`. For `docker-compose build` or `docker-compose up --build`, **also** set`COMPOSE_DOCKER_CLI_BUILD=1`. A full build of Ogmios without cache may take up to 45 minutes!

Reviewer: The cache is working for me when not targeting `ogmios`. Is there a reason you're scoping this?

Author: I've been trying to keep the first part of the docker doc about "standalone ogmios", while the second part is more about building/running "cardano-node-ogmios". Obviously, this ain't clear enough :sweat_smile: ... The entire page should probably be re-written now since this PR changes quite a lot what we can do with docker.

```console
$ NETWORK=testnet OGMIOS_PORT=1338 docker-compose --project-name cardano-ogmios-testnet up
```

> ## As a single image

Reviewer: As this is the default when building the image, maybe it's best to lead with this as it is certainly a faster way to get up and running.

> If you're not fond of docker-compose and the container orchestration it requires, you may also build (or pull) an image to run both a `cardano-node` and `ogmios` side-by-side, within the same container. Note that this is the default build target when building ogmios with Docker, but we can be explicit when building the image using `--target cardano-node-ogmios`. For example:

Reviewer: If this is positioned first...
```suggestion
The default Ogmios Docker image comes with a `cardano-node` relay, and is the easiest way to get up an running.
```

```console

> $ docker build --target cardano-node-ogmios --tag ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios:latest . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker build --tag ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios:latest . 
```

Reviewer: Think it's best to use no target here, then add a note below

Reviewer: Ideally though, using a remote build context means a consumer can run a build command without cloning the repo first. 

This is [valid](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/#git-repositories):
```
$ DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build --cache-from ktorz/ogmios:latest --tag ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios:latest https://github.com/KtorZ/cardano-ogmios.git#:server
```

... however [Buildkit doesn't support sub-directories](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/issues/1684) :-1: 

Considering the Docker image now represents more than just the Ogmios Server, it does hint at hoisting it to the top level. This is similar to how Cardano Rosetta was implemented: https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-rosetta. Is that an option?

Author: Awe :( ... Well, it's also possible to move the `Dockerfile` one level up indeed, though I like it well scoped within `server`. The compose file is already at the root level however, and building it without cloning the repository sounds like an argument convincing enough to move it there :+1:

```

> 

Reviewer: _Note that this is the default build target for the image, but `--target cardano-node-ogmios` can be set explicitly_

Images with either release tags or `:latest` tags are also uploaded to the corresponding [DockerHub registry](https://hub.docker.com/r/ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios) and you may also pull them directly from there. Assuming you've pulled `ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios:latest`, you can start a container by running:

```console

> $ docker run --detach --name cardano-node-ogmios --e NETWORK testnet -p 1337:1337 ktorz/cardano-node-ogmios:latest

Reviewer: I've been using `1338` for `testnet`. Do you think it's worth using this convention to help with support and education?

```
-p 1338:1337
```

Reviewer: Also, in quick start guides I feel it's better to provide the run command without specifying detached mode, as the goal is to just see it working. Another option is to add `&& docker logs -f  cardano-node-ogmios`, but I prefer the former since anyone needing the process to be detached probably knows what to do.

Author: > I've been using 1338 for testnet. Do you think it's worth using this convention to help with support and education?

And I've been wondering why :sweat_smile: ? I see little chance for people running both mainnet and testnet at the same time, and network discriminant in addresses will already provide a good mechanism for silly mistakes. 

I fail to see the rationale here :no_mouth:  ?

---

1. :heavy_check_mark: 
2. :heavy_check_mark:

Reviewer: > I fail to see the rationale here no_mouth ?

If you bind `1337` to a testnet container, then you have to destroy it before running a `mainnet` container on the same host. Not a big deal, so happy to stick with `1337`
